In this section we will review how we can manipulate color using the properties and functions CSSA gives
us access to first.
We will look at what we can color.
We will review several age female elements that we can assign color to.
Next we will learn more about specifying color.
We will go over using color keywords including the keywords transparent and current color.
We will also cover the HWB function and how we can use it to specify color.
After that we will learn more about saturation.
We will look at the saturate function that CSSA gives us access to and how we can adjust the saturation
of an image.
Next we will learn about the opacity property and how we can use it to modify an element south of value.
Finally we will look at the filter property of CSSA and the various filters that we can apply to images
to modify their appearance.
By the end of this lecture you will have a well-rounded understanding of color and CSSA and you will
be able to use color properties and functions to fit your web development needs in the next lecture.
We will learn about what we can color using SS.